you can do anything
this spring turner feature animation
introduces you to some new characters
you love in a story that could only
happen in the movies it's about a cat
named Danny he's got a dream he's going
to Hollywood where the streets are paved
with gold
and ready to dance his way to the top so
join Danny I guess we're gonna be the
only two camps on the ark huh Sawyer so
much for preserving this facing Chile I
hear hippos are very very big on
Broadway they're big everywhere darling
wooly and hug along with all of their
incredibly hilarious and entertaining
new friends and
Darla dimple child star extraordinary
have an angel and her faithful assistant
max black yes miss dimple
but what Danny doesn't know is she's the
only star who can keep all his dreams
from coming true specially one with new
songs by Grammy Award winners Randy
Newman and Natalie Cole nothing's gonna
stop audiences everywhere from enjoying
the brand
excitement and adventure see in the
movies
cats don't dance music is beat slit
donut